Add note about Kodi being on for import to work (#14511)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/kodi.markdown

If you do not remove it, your configuration will be imported with the following limitations:
* Your turn on/off actions will not be imported. This functionality is now available through device triggers.
* You may have duplicate entities.

> * Kodi must be on when HA is loading for the first time for the configuration to be imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kodi must be on when Home Assistant is loading for the first time for the configuration to be imported.
```
